right I'm going to make some liver
dumplings canal de fois they're called
here and climb if you have a spin round
the ingredients I must explain this
quite carefully because it's simple and
liable to go catastrophic be wrong
this is minced raw pig's liver into
which I've added some fried onion and
bacon chopped up and minced all together
look it's a nasty gungi puree there and
I've put salt and pepper into it moving
over a bit you've got semolina flour
there here a bit more to your left or
right whatever it's called couple of
beaten eggs over here some finely fried
chopped shallots some nutmeg for grating
in and some finely chopped parsley and
breadcrumbs soaked in in milk now up to
me again please dear cried because I
have explained myself out of trouble the
all you do is mold those into little
tiny little tiny shapes and steam them
or boil them in barely simmering water
and they become delicious but what would
probably happen when I mix it all
together Goodman and explode and sort of
make the whole thing look rather like
one of those water processing you
actually see by the sides of motorways
anyway let's have a good so what I is
hot what I have to do put my breadcrumbs
in like so eggs in and I have no
confidence in this dish at all I can
tell you that I just don't believe it's
going to work little semolina goes in
which I mix in semolina flour this is a
little bit of the onion and the parsley
we create a bit of nutmeg and you add a
mousse guard like that that wasn't
probably going too fast behind me now
this is where all I'm sure is going to
turn to rat eggs I'd have thought like
this needed to a much drier firm a
mixture but when I was discussing this
with Marc the chef here on the maison de
tes yeux Shum it none of that was a
problem so I just have a quick swig I'm
on the wagon basically speaking but
there's a fetid nerve-wracking occasion
and now we're gonna see what kind of a
fool I can possibly make them myself by
putting this liquid mixture into here
and it's the band just to separate into
a whole
oh no it's not look it is hey it's
working
this is incredible now how do I get the
damn thing off the spoon that's what I'm
not so sure about now really look cool
English chef chef Jay just read on the
mail I'm calling I'm helping I'm hoping
the chef's gonna come help me but I'm in
real trouble here gets a map knowing
where we said the to just isn't a Ted
you settled well this is just bad luck
but I've screwed this up and happily
help is on at hand
now watch very carefully no I'm just tip
them onto thee
you must all the time to wash the spoon
yes I see
yes so it's really well like poaching
eggs in fact it's terribly simple it's
really simple all you need is 20 years
of experience in a real French kitchen
and you just whack it out like now
pretty good
now the most important thing is to make
the little source to go with my
dumplings my liver a little Livan Livan
Livan Livan dumplings my dears which
we've made between us I taught him how
to it earlier on come down close to the
pot please and some finely sliced
shallots chopped shallots which we now
dig Lesley with a little bit of white
wine from Alsace put it onto maximum
heat and let that for this would we
offer we would necessarily do now we
leave that to reduce which will take a
second or two in the meantime I will
beginning you'd wear it gradually month
know I should begin to prepare superb
now it snows of me saying that that's
ready till it isn't it's not ready to is
almost no liquid left coset chriskiss a
unless the best come always that's a
second sparely and is good noumic not
women do meatless
joy good to have somebody who really
knows what he's talking about on hand
this is a they called any glass it's the
stockpot which has been reduced slowly
favored and thickened with if you want
to make a demi glass look it up in one
of the cookery books right
this is sufficiently reduced come inside
have a good look see how rich and thick
it's got now but but all these sauces is
always a good thing this is not nouvelle
cuisine I can assure there's an answer
in cuisine enriched that with a little
knob of unsalted butter that will make
the sauce the sauce sorry very shiny and
a lot more tender
maple what you have to put over two
million slowly now just very gently to
paint in the butter
okay concert okay simple say won't put a
seasonal yeah equipment nor Lata we just
have to be a little tiny we need like
that just to make this flavor come right
through okay just to finish off the fair
the basin it does makes a big difference
if we leave nappy very finely chopped
chives that's it with this mascara
potatoes fried or boiled potatoes boy
whoa okay so I might go get myself a
little round of applause for this if you
don't mind sorry there are as you guys I
made it all on my own with no outside
help words if there's any shape or form
it's absolutely brilliant and to prove
it I'm prepared to eat in front of you
so that's a little hot now use that one
they're light and delicious
yeah actually not unrelated to the Great
British but they're much finer
more delicate version I just have a
newly announced a she